well howdy there internet people its Bo
again I know in the world of alternative
facts some of what I'm about to say
isn't going to matter to a lot of people
but I feel the need to say it anyway so
today we're going to talk about the LA
Times report about the president's
private breakfast and what he said there
so we're going to talk about that that
report some definitions and
classification that's what we're going
to talk about today so the only times is
reporting that the President of the
United States had a private breakfast at
which he said I want to know who's the
person who's the person who gave the
whistleblower the information because
that's close to a spy you know what we
used to do in the old days when we were
smart right
the spies and treason we used to handle
it a little differently than we do now
Wow okay first the the people who
provided this information and made sure
it found its way to congressional
oversight we're doing their jobs they
were doing their jobs they weren't spies
that's what they're supposed to do
that's why we have a Senate Oversight
Committee or a House Oversight Committee
they're supposed to provide oversight
that's what they do
as far as treason and the implied
penalty there that's something else in
and of itself that mean that's crazy
words have definition and treason
doesn't mean did something the president
doesn't like that's not what it means
the United States actually has a legal
definition of it
whoever owing allegiance to the United
States levy war levies war against them
or adheres to their enemies giving them
aid and comfort within the United States
where elsewhere is guilty of treason
Congress is not the enemy of the United
States they're an equal branch of
government so following the law in
providing this whistleblower complaint
that's not treason it's not treason
would be more like I don't know
attempting to get your hands on a server
so you could further obscure a Russian
cyberattack that that would be closer to
treason than this and what war on that
topic as the president runs around and
says Biden broke the law and bride and
son did this where's the evidence he's
making this claim repeatedly and yet the
whole reason we're talking about this is
because he didn't have any evidence and
he was trying to strong-arm Ukraine into
giving it to it or manufacturing so or
turning over a server that they may or
may not even have these people did not
damage a national security national
security was damaged by the
administration and now as far as the
over-classification of that transcript
the reason there are different levels of
classification is because they're
treated differently if everything gets
treated and everything gets classified
including the president's dirty laundry
gets classified as compartmentalized
information well then that
classification doesn't mean anything
anymore
it doesn't get treated the same way
there's only so many so much resources
you can put into protecting a secret and
when you treat everything as if it is
top top top secret well then nothing is
because you don't have the resources to
do it and those who have access to it
when they start to see stuff like this
it casts doubt on everything else that
bears that classification because this
is not a national security interest but
does that mean that the rest of the
stuff isn't - it makes it a whole lot
easier for people to slip up because
there is a difference between classified
secret top secret and compartmentalized
information there's a reason it's
structured that way over classifying
something helps the opposition those
people trying to obtain secrets the
administration damaged national security
the administration aided spies not the
whistleblower I think that's something
that people need to be aware of that
beyond all of the other stuff that
that's coming out right now the actions
of this administration Damond damaged
national security damaged intelligence
gathering capabilities damaged our
counterintelligence efforts and that's
not arguable it happened it happened
anyway it's just a fault y'all y'all
have a good day